Rob
welcome you're a selection what are you
selling is that all ski here thank you
is that all still yeah thank you what
are you Boing come back
I forgot something you guys go on Louis
hey senorita got a light and some smokes
to go with it to make my day where is
the sample okay we skip the foreplay as
a matter of fact I was just going to get
it was the love baby sounds like fun to
me just hurry up okay lady what do you
stand on all of this exactly what kind
of group are you working for there are
some things in the world better off not
knowing this is one of them fine I can
take a hint I don't care who you are as
long as you get rid of that old man is
religious friends